README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

<!--
**rusty-snake/rusty-snake** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## Stats

<p>
 <img align="top" width="495" height="195" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rusty-snake&include_all_commits=true&show_icons=true&theme=graywhite" />
 <img align="top" width="350" height="165" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rusty-snake&layout=compact&theme=graywhite" />
 <br>
 <sub><a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">Want to add stats to your profile?</a></sub>
</p>

## Projects

### My own projects

 - 🐙 [fdns4users](https://github.com/rusty-snake/fdns4users) &ndash; Allow unprivileged users to start fdns.
 - 🐙 [fedora-extras](https://github.com/rusty-snake/fedora-extras) &ndash; Additional package for Fedora, missing in the offical repositories and RPMFusion.
 - ⛰️ [ffx](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/ffx) &ndash; Install all firefox release channels and use firejail to sandbox them.
 - 🐙 [firecfg.py](https://github.com/rusty-snake/firecfg.py) &ndash; An improved firecfg written in python.
 - ⛰️ [firefox-config](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/firefox-config) &ndash; My config for a hardened, secure, privacy friendly firefox.
 - 🐙 [firejailed-tor-browser](https://github.com/rusty-snake/firejailed-tor-browser) &ndash; HOWTO: Firejailed Tor Browser
 - 🐙 [fjp](https://github.com/rusty-snake/fjp) &ndash; A handy command line program to work fast and straightforward with firejail profiles.
 - 🐙 [kyst](https://github.com/rusty-snake/kyst/) &ndash; Keep Your Sandbox Tight! – Actually just a collection of my own tight sandbox configurations.
 - ⛰️ [NewsBear](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/NewsBear) &ndash; Ein Skript, das tagesschau.de auf Eilmeldungen überwacht und den Benutzer mittels nativer Benachrichtigungen benachrichtigt, wenn es eine neu Eilmeldung gibt.
 - 🐙 [raudit](https://github.com/rusty-snake/raudit) &ndash; A configurable audit program for firejail-sandboxes with metrics.
 - ⛰️ [Rust Cookbook](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/rust-cookbook) &ndash; My rust cookbook, a list of good, useful crates (with thoughts and comments) + boilerplate snippets.
 - 🐙 [tricks](https://github.com/rusty-snake/tricks) &ndash; Collection of useful commands and configs.
 - 🦊 [uhb2dnsmasq](https://gitlab.com/rusty-snake/uhb2dnsmasq) &ndash; Download the Ultimative.Hosts.Blacklist and convert it into a dnsmasq configuration.
 - 🐙 [zufall](https://github.com/rusty-snake/zufall) &ndash; Zufall, a tool to help on decisions.
 - 🐙 🔱 [GDriveDL](https://github.com/rusty-snake/gdrivedl) &ndash; Google Drive Download Python Script with zenity GUI
 - 🐙 🛑 [detect-kpxc-browser](https://github.com/rusty-snake/detect-kpxc-browser) &ndash; Detect KPXC-Browser PoC
 - 🐙 🛑 [hexbot](https://github.com/rusty-snake/hexbot) &ndash; My solution for: https://noopschallenge.com/challenges/hexbot
 - 🦊 🛑 [Secure Linux Workstation](https://gitlab.com/rusty-snake/secure-linux-workstation) &ndash; References to harden a Linux Workstation.

### Projects I frequently contribute to

 - [arkenfox user.js](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js) &ndash; Firefox privacy, security and anti-fingerprinting: a comprehensive user.js template for configuration and hardening
 - [fdns](https://github.com/netblue30/fdns) &ndash; Firejail DNS-over-HTTPS Proxy Server
 - [firejail](https://github.com/netblue30/firejail) &ndash; Linux namespaces and seccomp-bpf sandbox
    
### Notable gists

 - [maintenance-status.md](https://gist.github.com/rusty-snake/574a91f1df9f97ec77ca308d6d731e29) &ndash; Proposal to easily show the maintenance status of a project.
 - [noprofile.profile](https://gist.github.com/rusty-snake/bb234cb3e50e1e4e7429f29a7931cc72) &ndash; A firejail profile which is weaker then --noprofile. Only for debugging purpose.
 - [xdg-open.c](https://gist.github.com/rusty-snake/5104dc53ce3e52eef86cc34d359aa10e) &ndash; A xdg-open drop-in wrapper to make xdg-open work nicely with firejail.


* * * * *


🔱 This is a fork of an other project.  
🛑 This project is archived.   
⛰️ This project is hosted on Codeberg.  
🦊 This project is hosted on GitLab.  
🐙 This project is hosted on GitHub.  

## Visitor Count

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/rusty-snake/count.svg" alt="Visitor Count" />
 <br>
 <sub><a href="https://dev.to/ryanlanciaux/visitor-count-on-your-github-profile-with-one-line-of-markdown-593g">Want to add a count to your profile?</a></sub>
</p>

Commit message:

Add libaslrmalloc to Projects I frequently contribute to

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

<!--
**rusty-snake/rusty-snake** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## Stats

<p>
 <img align="top" width="495" height="195" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rusty-snake&include_all_commits=true&show_icons=true&theme=graywhite" />
 <img align="top" width="350" height="165" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rusty-snake&layout=compact&theme=graywhite" />
 <br>
 <sub><a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">Want to add stats to your profile?</a></sub>
</p>

## Projects

### My own projects

 - 🐙 [fdns4users](https://github.com/rusty-snake/fdns4users) &ndash; Allow unprivileged users to start fdns.
 - 🐙 [fedora-extras](https://github.com/rusty-snake/fedora-extras) &ndash; Additional package for Fedora, missing in the offical repositories and RPMFusion.
 - ⛰️ [ffx](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/ffx) &ndash; Install all firefox release channels and use firejail to sandbox them.
 - 🐙 [firecfg.py](https://github.com/rusty-snake/firecfg.py) &ndash; An improved firecfg written in python.
 - ⛰️ [firefox-config](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/firefox-config) &ndash; My config for a hardened, secure, privacy friendly firefox.
 - 🐙 [firejailed-tor-browser](https://github.com/rusty-snake/firejailed-tor-browser) &ndash; HOWTO: Firejailed Tor Browser
 - 🐙 [fjp](https://github.com/rusty-snake/fjp) &ndash; A handy command line program to work fast and straightforward with firejail profiles.
 - 🐙 [kyst](https://github.com/rusty-snake/kyst/) &ndash; Keep Your Sandbox Tight! – Actually just a collection of my own tight sandbox configurations.
 - ⛰️ [NewsBear](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/NewsBear) &ndash; Ein Skript, das tagesschau.de auf Eilmeldungen überwacht und den Benutzer mittels nativer Benachrichtigungen benachrichtigt, wenn es eine neu Eilmeldung gibt.
 - 🐙 [raudit](https://github.com/rusty-snake/raudit) &ndash; A configurable audit program for firejail-sandboxes with metrics.
 - ⛰️ [Rust Cookbook](https://codeberg.org/rusty-snake/rust-cookbook) &ndash; My rust cookbook, a list of good, useful crates (with thoughts and comments) + boilerplate snippets.
 - 🐙 [tricks](https://github.com/rusty-snake/tricks) &ndash; Collection of useful commands and configs.
 - 🦊 [uhb2dnsmasq](https://gitlab.com/rusty-snake/uhb2dnsmasq) &ndash; Download the Ultimative.Hosts.Blacklist and convert it into a dnsmasq configuration.
 - 🐙 [zufall](https://github.com/rusty-snake/zufall) &ndash; Zufall, a tool to help on decisions.
 - 🐙 🔱 [GDriveDL](https://github.com/rusty-snake/gdrivedl) &ndash; Google Drive Download Python Script with zenity GUI
 - 🐙 🛑 [detect-kpxc-browser](https://github.com/rusty-snake/detect-kpxc-browser) &ndash; Detect KPXC-Browser PoC
 - 🐙 🛑 [hexbot](https://github.com/rusty-snake/hexbot) &ndash; My solution for: https://noopschallenge.com/challenges/hexbot
 - 🦊 🛑 [Secure Linux Workstation](https://gitlab.com/rusty-snake/secure-linux-workstation) &ndash; References to harden a Linux Workstation.

### Projects I frequently contribute to

 - [arkenfox user.js](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js) &ndash; Firefox privacy, security and anti-fingerprinting: a comprehensive user.js template for configuration and hardening
 - [fdns](https://github.com/netblue30/fdns) &ndash; Firejail DNS-over-HTTPS Proxy Server
 - [firejail](https://github.com/netblue30/firejail) &ndash; Linux namespaces and seccomp-bpf sandbox
 - [libaslrmalloc](https://github.com/topimiettinen/libaslrmalloc) &ndash; LD_PRELOADed library to randomize malloc and friends.
    
### Notable gists

 - [maintenance-status.md](https://gist.github.com/rusty-snake/574a91f1df9f97ec77ca308d6d731e29) &ndash; Proposal to easily show the maintenance status of a project.
 - [noprofile.profile](https://gist.github.com/rusty-snake/bb234cb3e50e1e4e7429f29a7931cc72) &ndash; A firejail profile which is weaker then --noprofile. Only for debugging purpose.
 - [xdg-open.c](https://gist.github.com/rusty-snake/5104dc53ce3e52eef86cc34d359aa10e) &ndash; A xdg-open drop-in wrapper to make xdg-open work nicely with firejail.


* * * * *


🔱 This is a fork of an other project.  
🛑 This project is archived.   
⛰️ This project is hosted on Codeberg.  
🦊 This project is hosted on GitLab.  
🐙 This project is hosted on GitHub.  

## Visitor Count

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/rusty-snake/count.svg" alt="Visitor Count" />
 <br>
 <sub><a href="https://dev.to/ryanlanciaux/visitor-count-on-your-github-profile-with-one-line-of-markdown-593g">Want to add a count to your profile?</a></sub>
</p>
